HPU: install script template & README update (#3718)
zama-ai/tfhe-rs: backends/tfhe-hpu-backend/README.md

  let dec_sum_ab: u64 = fhe_sum_ab.decrypt(cks);
```

## HPU cluster setup

> HPU can now be part of a cluster from 2 to 8. Each of these HPU needs to be connected via 25Gb Ethernet link on lane 0 of QSFP module 3 (port 4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HPU can now be part of a cluster of 2 to 8. Each of these HPU needs to be connected via 25Gb Ethernet link on lane 0 of QSFP module 3 (port 4)
```

Author: fixed in bd6da9163b9c48cf25f6fc3ec998fabe42d4a668

# but it is not easy to match serial numbers with PCIe devices
# you can keep default MAC addresses for now and update later when AMI can be loaded
$ xsdb -eval "connect;puts [lsort -unique [regex -all -inline {( XFL[A-Z0-9]*)} [targets -target-properties]]]"
****** Xilinx hw_server v2024.2
  **** Build date : Oct 29 2024 at 10:16:47
    ** Copyright 1986-2022 Xilinx, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
    ** Copyright 2022-2024 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

INFO: hw_server application started
INFO: Use Ctrl-C to exit hw_server application

INFO: To connect to this hw_server instance use url: TCP:127.0.0.1:3121

{ XFL1C0UK15KCA} { XFL1TYZ3GUIXA} { XFL1ORE0X5YBA} { XFL1OGGL9CT4A}
...
# you need to remove the 'A' at the end of these serial numbers
# and then copy this file in /etc/profile.d/
$ cp <path>/backends/tfhe-hpu-backend/scripts/v80_pcie_dev.sh /etc/profile.d/
$ . /etc/profile.d/v80_pcie_dev.sh
# you should be able to display cluster description:
$ display_v80_board_map 
@0: pcie_id:01, serial_number:XFL1C0UK15KC, mac_address:0x2543C0
@1: pcie_id:24, serial_number:XFL1TYZ3GUIX, mac_address:0x25AB50

> @2: pcie_id:81, serial_number,XFL1ORE0X5YB, mac_address:0x2468F0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@2: pcie_id:81, serial_number:XFL1ORE0X5YB, mac_address:0x2468F0
```

Author: fixed in bd6da9163b9c48cf25f6fc3ec998fabe42d4a668

@3: pcie_id:A1, serial_number:XFL1OGGL9CT4, mac_address:0x249080
```

> At this point, you should also update the file `<path>/tfhe-rs/backends/tfhe-hpu-backend/config_store/v80/hpu_config.toml` to reflect the number of HPU are available or which one you want to use. For example, if you have x8 V80 available you should modify `node_id=[0,1,2,3]` to `node_id=[0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7]` to let HPU backend know that you want to use all x8 HPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, you should also update the file `<path>/tfhe-rs/backends/tfhe-hpu-backend/config_store/v80/hpu_config.toml` to reflect how many HPU are available or which one you want to use. For example, if you have x8 V80 available you should modify `node_id=[0,1,2,3]` to `node_id=[0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7]` to let HPU backend know that you want to use all x8 HPU.
```

Author: fixed in 9e6e1980f
